Don't you dare
Oh, this is wronged.
You kneel down and lick me
Lock me up here
So smelly you say you are a dog
Wei Shao, are you alright?
I think so much
I have never suffered this kind of grievance
You are fucking dead
How dare you beat me
Do you know who I am?
Shao Dongjia of Wei Group
They say it four or five times at a time
I'd like to ask you
Do you know who I am?
Who is causing trouble in the turf?
Dad, you are finally here.
It's this dog man and woman who have to make trouble here
This stinky fish seller threw dry water at me and kicked me
You kill them
We are serious business
Don't make trouble for a day
Can't keep up with the underworld
Hahaha come
Drag them down numb